fix: README.md update (#199)
BoltzExchange/boltz-backend: docs/index.md

## What is Boltz

> Boltz is a privacy first, account-free crypto exchange built on top of the second layer scaling technologies like the [lightning network](http://lightning.network/). Boltz doesn't track any data that could potentially be traced back to the user's identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Boltz is a privacy first, account-free crypto exchange built on top of second layer scaling technologies like the [lightning network](http://lightning.network/). Boltz doesn't track any data that could potentially be traced back to the identity of our users.
```
